
This is the first release of PRlgt2020, a package for computations
in Numerical Stochastic Perturbation Theory (NSPT). You could ask
why the name PRlgt does not immediately refer to NSPT. The name 
is partially a legacy (you usually do not change a name after so
many years); the explicit reference only to LGT (and not to NSPT)
is there to say that in principle the general framework could
support non-perturbative simulations as well.

From the Parma group perspective, PRlgt has by now a long history.
In the framework of the activities of the ITN EuroPLEx, we decided
to refurbish it and to release it to make it available to everyone
interested in. This is the first release; others will follow, step
by step.

In this this first release we are mainly concerned to SU(2) and SU(3)
quenched simulations; a very basic environment to start with.

If you want a really quick start, simply type "Make Quenched" and you
will have the "Quenched" executable program. The compilation-time choices
are set in the header file named "choices.h": simply read it and you will
easily understand what are the possible settings. The run-time choices
are set in the "Quench.cfg" input file; there is another file that
controls execution: this is the "damocle.dag" file. At regular intervals
this file is read: you can confirm or change the value of a few parameters
and possibly decide to stop your simulation. The location for saving the
various outputs are set in "Quench.cfg" (have a look).

The code is written in C++ (admittely not a very modern one, as for style).
It is built in various layers: one defines the basic classes for colour
matrices and vectors; gluons are then constructed on top of these and
everything is coded both in non-perturbative and perturbative versions
(where perturbative - you will see - means a collection of orders): in both
cases basic operations as matrix multiplication ("*") are overloaded. You
can then create a lattice and attach fields to it (so, for example, there
are gluons and gluon fields, the latter making sense only attached to a
lattice). The lattice is the depositary of all the relations between
the various lattice sites, e.g. how to locate in memory a site from its
coordinates or by taking steps from another site. You will see various
syntaxes are allowed, hopefully quite natural ones. All this will be
much better explained in a paper which is being issued.

Together with the software package, we will release a small collection of
configuration ensambles. At this first stage, these are only meant to let
the interested one make practice in manipulating them. So, a small set of
configurations for a 12^4 lattice up to order g^8 (Wilson action) is online: 
previously distributed via another platform, since April 2021 this small 
ensemble is available at https://zenodo.org/record/4662602.
Notice that the NSPT processes are meant as stochastic time discretisations
of continuum processes; that's why you need to extrapolate results (in this
first release, in which everything is basic, Euler scheme is our choice) and
configurations always come in a collection for various time step values.

Have fun and (most importantly) stay tuned for next releases: much more to
come soon!

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Authors:

Michele Brambilla (PSI, previously at University of Parma)
Francesco Di Renzo (University of Parma)
Gianluca Filaci (Monozukuri, previously at University of Edinburgh)

Many thanks to Dirk Hesse (Equinor, previously at University of Parma),
not only for ranluxd, but for a fruitful collaboration and for many useful
discussions as well. Dirk was the author of another NSPT package (parmalgt)
which was powerful and more modern as for programming style; actually too
modern to maintain for someone of the age of FDR...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

[1] ranlxd is a C++ wrapepr for Martin Lüscher's RANLUX (author: Dirk Hesse)
See https://github.com/dhesse/ranlxd

[2] SFMT is a SIMD-oriented Fast Mersenne Twister (Copyright (c) 2012 Mutsuo Saito,
Makoto Matsumoto, Hiroshima University and The University of Tokyo)
See http://www.math.sci.hiroshima-u.ac.jp/~m-mat/MT/SFMT/
